Great granddad.
Great-granddad, when the land was young, Bored his door with a wagon tongue, For the times were rough and the redskins knocked, And he said his prayers with his shotgun cocked.
He was a citizen tough and grim, Danger was duck soup to him, He ate corn pone and bacon fat, But great-grandson would starve on that.
Twenty-one children came to bless the old man's home in the wilderness.
Doubt this statement if you can, but great-granddad was a busy man.
Twenty-one sons and not one bad.
Great-granddad, for if they had, he'd have been right glad just to tan their eyes with a hip-hop head.
Twenty-one sons and how they clung and tall on the bacon too.
Slept on the floor with the dogs and the cats and they hunted in the woods for their coonskin caps.
He raised them rough but he raised them well when their feet took hold on the road to hell.
He filled them full of the fear of God and he straightened them out with his old ramrod.
They grew strong in heart and hand, firm foundation of our land.
Twenty-one sons now his grandson is having a terrible time with one.